1. Describe a time when you were faced with problems or stresses at work that tested your coping skills. What did you do?
2. Give an example of a time when you could not participate in a discussion or could not finish a task because you did not have enough information.
3. Give an example of a time when you had to be relatively quick in coming to a decision.
4. Tell me about a time when you had to use your spoken communication skills in order to get a point across that was important to you.
5. Can you tell me about a job experience in which you had to speak up and tell other people what you thought or felt?
6. Give me an example of when you felt you were able to build motivation in your co-workers or subordinates.
7. Tell me about a specific occasion when you conformed to a policy even though you did not agree with it.
8. Describe a situation in which you felt it necessary to be very attentive and vigilant to your environment.
9. Give me an example of a time when you used your fact-finding skills to gain information needed to solve a problem; then tell me how you analyzed the information and came to a decision.
10. Give me an example of an important goal you had to set and tell me about your progress in reaching that goal.
11. Describe the most significant written document, report, or presentation that you’ve completed.
12. Give me an example of a time when you had to go above and beyond the call of duty in order to get a job done.
13. Give me an example of a time when you were able to communicate successfully with another person, even when that individual may not have personally liked you.
14. Describe a situation in which you were able to read another person effectively and guide your actions by your understanding of his/her individual needs or values.
 15. What did you do in your last job in order to be effective with your organization and planning? Be specific.
16. Describe the most creative work-related project you have completed.
17. Describe a time when you felt it was necessary to modify or change your actions in order to respond to the needs of another person.
18. Give me an example of a time when you had to analyze another person carefully or a situation in order to be effective in guiding your action or decision.
19. What did you do in your last job to contribute toward a teamwork environment? Be specific.
20. Give me an example of a problem you faced on the job, and tell me how you solved it.
21. Describe a situation in which you were able to positively influence the actions of others in a desired direction.
22. Tell me about a situation in the past year in which you had to deal with a very upset customer or co-worker.
23. Describe a situation in which others within your organization depended on you.
24. Describe your most recent group effort.
25. Describe the worst customer or co-worker you have ever had and tell me how you dealt with him or her.